system variable: add tidb_allow_fallback_to_tikv (#4781)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

    * `1`: Aggregation and join requests are sent in batches
    * `2`: All coprocessor requests are sent in batches

> ### tidb_allow_fallback_to_tikv <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0 GA version</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### tidb_allow_fallback_to_tikv <span class="version-mark">New in v5.0 GA</span>
```

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: ""

> - When the execution of an SQL statement fails due to a failure of the storage engine specified by this variable, TiDB will use TiKV to execute the SQL statement again. Currently, this variable can be set to "" or "tiflash". When this variable is set to "tiflash", TiDB will retry with TiKV if the execution of the SQL statement fails due to a failure of TiFlash.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to specify a storage engine. If the execution of an SQL statement fails due to a failure of the specified storage engine, TiDB will use TiKV to execute the SQL statement again. This variable can be set to "" or "tiflash". When this variable is set to "tiflash", if the execution of an SQL statement fails due to a failure of TiFlash, TiDB will retry executing the SQL statement with TiKV.
```

> - This variable is used to specify a storage engine. If the execution of an SQL statement fails due to a failure of the specified storage engine, TiDB retries executing this SQL statement with TiKV. This variable can be set to "" or "tiflash". When this variable is set to "tiflash", if the execution of an SQL statement fails due to a failure of TiFlash, TiDB retries executing the SQL statement with TiKV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to specify a storage engine list that uses TiKV as the backup storage engine. If the execution of a SQL statement fails due to a failure of the specified storage engine in the list, TiDB retries executing this SQL statement with TiKV. This variable can be set to "" or "tiflash". When this variable is set to "tiflash", if the execution of a SQL statement fails due to a failure of TiFlash, TiDB retries executing this SQL statement with TiKV.
```

> - This variable is used to specify a storage engine. If the execution of an SQL statement fails due to a failure of the specified storage engine, TiDB use TiKV to execute the SQL statement again. This variable can be set to "" or "tiflash". When this variable is set to "tiflash", if the execution of an SQL statement fails due to a failure of TiFlash, TiDB retry executing the SQL statement with TiKV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to specify a storage engine. If the execution of an SQL statement fails due to a failure of the specified storage engine, TiDB retries executing this SQL statement with TiKV. This variable can be set to "" or "tiflash". When this variable is set to "tiflash", if the execution of an SQL statement fails due to a failure of TiFlash, TiDB retries executing the SQL statement with TiKV.
```

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: ON
- This variable controls whether to use the high precision mode when computing the window functions.

### tidb_enable_engine_fallback

- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: OFF

> - This variable controls whether to retry execution with another engine when the used engine's failure causes execution failure of SQL statement. If the variable turns on, currently TiDB supports retrying execution with TiKV when TiFlash's failure causes execution failure of SQL statement.

Reviewer 3: The options in this page are in alphabetical order (the order which they were added to the server is not useful to end-users). Please move it to the correct place :-)
